Small improvements to docs. (#1500)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/advanced/deployment/cli.md

wasp deploy fly launch my-wasp-app mia
```

:::caution Specifying Org

> If your account is a member of more than one organization on Fly.io, you will need to specify under which one do you want to execute the command. To do that, provide additional `--org <org-slug>` option. You can find our the names(slugs) of your organizations by running `fly orgs list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your account is a member of more than one organization on Fly.io, you will need to specify under which one you want to execute the command. To do that, provide an additional `--org <org-slug>` option. You can find out the names(slugs) of your organizations by running `fly orgs list`.
```
